Part II - Some more features
This part of the exercise, describes some more features which you will need to
implement, but here, how to use git is not rigidly dictated and is left for you to decide
upon. In other words, you decide when to commit changes, use the stash, sync with the
remote, etc…

Please keep in mind that the main objective of the entire exercise is to familiarize you
with git, not with HTML, CSS & Javascript, so try to explore the various tools and
operations which git provides.

- When an opportunity to refactor your code arises, take advantage of it and use
git to take snapshots of the project before, during and after the refactoring.
 Try to keep a working, stable version of your code committed during the process.

- If you have bugs, try to time travel through your project’s history to see when they
first appeared. This may help to point you to their cause.

- Above all, remember that git is a set of tools and the more skilled you become in
using them, the more benefit you will gain from them - so try to experiment.




1. Add a third ball. When it is clicked, swap the colors and sizes of the first two balls


2. Add a fourth ball. When it is clicked the diameter of the first two balls is reduced
by a random amount between 20px and 60px. Limit their minimum diameter to
100px.



3. Add a fifth ball. When it is clicked, the page's background color changes to a
random color.

4. Add a sixth ball. When it is clicked the entire game will reset to its original state.

5. When the sixth ball is hovered over for more than 2 seconds, an interval will start
to run the mouse-click handlers of the first four balls every 2 seconds.

6. The interval will be cleared when the mouse cursor leaves the ball or after 10
cycles.

7. Add two buttons at the top of the page for undo and redo which allow the user to
travel through the various states of the game (ball sizes, colors, etc…).

8. Make the undo and redo buttons disabled or enabled as required.

9. Add a counter to the page’s title with the number of moves made in the game.

10.Add a timer which starts to run as soon as any change occurs in the page.
This should give you plenty of opportunities to try out various git features and
workflows.
Happy Coding :-)